README.rst, before:

Murano
======

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/python-muranoclient.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/python-muranoclient/
    :alt: Latest Version

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/python-muranoclient.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/python-muranoclient/
    :alt: Downloads

Murano Project introduces an application catalog, which allows application
developers and cloud administrators to publish various cloud-ready
applications in a browsable categorised catalog, which may be used by the
cloud users (including the inexperienced ones) to pick-up the needed
applications and services and composes the reliable environments out of them
in a "push-the-button" manner.

* `PyPi`_ - package installation
* `Launchpad project`_ - release management
* `Blueprints`_ - feature specifications
* `Bugs`_ - issue tracking
* `Source`_
* `Specs`_
* `How to Contribute`_

.. _PyPi: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/python-muranoclient
.. _Launchpad project: https://launchpad.net/python-muranoclient
.. _Blueprints: https://blueprints.launchpad.net/python-muranoclient
.. _Bugs: https://bugs.launchpad.net/python-muranoclient
.. _Source: https://git.openstack.org/cgit/openstack/python-muranoclient
.. _How to Contribute: http://docs.openstack.org/infra/manual/developers.html
.. _Specs: http://specs.openstack.org/openstack/murano-specs/

Python Muranoclient
-------------------
python-muranoclient is a client library for Murano built on the Murano API.
It provides a Python API (the ``muranoclient`` module) and a command-line tool
(``murano``).


Project Resources
-----------------

Project status, bugs, and blueprints are tracked on Launchpad:

* Client bug tracker
    * https://launchpad.net/python-muranoclient

* Murano bug tracker
    * https://launchpad.net/murano

Developer documentation can be found here:

  http://docs.openstack.org/developer/murano/

Additional resources are linked from the project wiki page:

  https://wiki.openstack.org/wiki/Murano

License
-------

Apache License Version 2.0 http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Commit message:

Show team and repo badges on README
This patch adds the team's and repository's badges to the README file.
The motivation behind this is to communicate the project status and
features at first glance.

For more information about this effort, please read this email thread:

http://lists.openstack.org/pipermail/openstack-dev/2016-October/105562.html

To see an example of how this would look like check:

https://gist.github.com/e7e5f839d72f7192480f607e55be4cfa

Change-Id: I61a3cb7191000bf9c72c6add798bf7aaf7b21a4f

README.rst, after:

========================
Team and repository tags
========================

.. image:: http://governance.openstack.org/badges/python-muranoclient.svg
    :target: http://governance.openstack.org/reference/tags/index.html

.. Change things from this point on

Murano
======

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/python-muranoclient.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/python-muranoclient/
    :alt: Latest Version

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/python-muranoclient.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/python-muranoclient/
    :alt: Downloads

Murano Project introduces an application catalog, which allows application
developers and cloud administrators to publish various cloud-ready
applications in a browsable categorised catalog, which may be used by the
cloud users (including the inexperienced ones) to pick-up the needed
applications and services and composes the reliable environments out of them
in a "push-the-button" manner.

* `PyPi`_ - package installation
* `Launchpad project`_ - release management
* `Blueprints`_ - feature specifications
* `Bugs`_ - issue tracking
* `Source`_
* `Specs`_
* `How to Contribute`_

.. _PyPi: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/python-muranoclient
.. _Launchpad project: https://launchpad.net/python-muranoclient
.. _Blueprints: https://blueprints.launchpad.net/python-muranoclient
.. _Bugs: https://bugs.launchpad.net/python-muranoclient
.. _Source: https://git.openstack.org/cgit/openstack/python-muranoclient
.. _How to Contribute: http://docs.openstack.org/infra/manual/developers.html
.. _Specs: http://specs.openstack.org/openstack/murano-specs/

Python Muranoclient
-------------------
python-muranoclient is a client library for Murano built on the Murano API.
It provides a Python API (the ``muranoclient`` module) and a command-line tool
(``murano``).


Project Resources
-----------------

Project status, bugs, and blueprints are tracked on Launchpad:

* Client bug tracker
    * https://launchpad.net/python-muranoclient

* Murano bug tracker
    * https://launchpad.net/murano

Developer documentation can be found here:

  http://docs.openstack.org/developer/murano/

Additional resources are linked from the project wiki page:

  https://wiki.openstack.org/wiki/Murano

License
-------

Apache License Version 2.0 http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
