doc/source/index.rst, before:

..
      Copyright (c) 2013 Mirantis, Inc.

      Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may
      not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain
      a copy of the License at
 
           http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
 
      Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
      distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
      WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
      License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
      under the License.
      
==================
Murano API Client
==================
In order to use the python api directly, you must first obtain an auth token and identify which endpoint you wish to speak to. Once you have done so, you can use the API like so::

    >>> from muranoclient import Client
    >>> murano = Client('1', endpoint=MURANO_URL, token=OS_AUTH_TOKEN)
...


Command-line Tool
=================
In order to use the CLI, you must provide your OpenStack username, password, tenant, and auth endpoint. Use the corresponding configuration options (``--os-username``, ``--os-password``, ``--os-tenant-id``, and ``--os-auth-url``) or set them in environment variables::

    export OS_USERNAME=user
    export OS_PASSWORD=pass
    export OS_TENANT_ID=b363706f891f48019483f8bd6503c54b
    export OS_AUTH_URL=http://auth.example.com:5000/v2.0

The command line tool will attempt to reauthenticate using your provided credentials for every request. You can override this behavior by manually supplying an auth token using ``--os-image-url`` and ``--os-auth-token``. You can alternatively set these environment variables::

    export MURANO_URL=http://murano.example.org:8082/
    export OS_AUTH_TOKEN=3bcc3d3a03f44e3d8377f9247b0ad155

Once you've configured your authentication parameters, you can run ``murano help`` to see a complete listing of available commands.


Release Notes
=============

0.1.0
-----
* Initial release

Commit message:

Update the python-muranoclient docs
1.update the wrap
2.add `:option:` `:command:`

Change-Id: I755cbea17c04452710218d850a2d55765808cb8d

doc/source/index.rst, after:

..
      Copyright (c) 2013 Mirantis, Inc.

      Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may
      not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain
      a copy of the License at
 
           http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
 
      Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
      distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
      WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
      License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
      under the License.
      
=================
Murano API Client
=================

In order to use the python api directly, you must first obtain an auth token
and identify which endpoint you wish to speak to. Once you have done so,
you can use the API like so::

    >>> from muranoclient import Client
    >>> murano = Client('1', endpoint=MURANO_URL, token=OS_AUTH_TOKEN)
    ...


Command-line Tool
=================

In order to use the CLI, you must provide your OpenStack username,
password, tenant, and auth endpoint. Use the corresponding configuration
options (:option:`--os-username`, :option:`--os-password`,
:option:`--os-tenant-id`, and :option:`--os-auth-url`) or
set them in environment variables::

    export OS_USERNAME=user
    export OS_PASSWORD=pass
    export OS_TENANT_ID=b363706f891f48019483f8bd6503c54b
    export OS_AUTH_URL=http://auth.example.com:5000/v2.0

The command line tool will attempt to reauthenticate using your provided
credentials for every request. You can override this behavior by manually
supplying an auth token using :option:`--os-image-url` and
:option:`--os-auth-token`. You can alternatively set these environment
variables::

    export MURANO_URL=http://murano.example.org:8082/
    export OS_AUTH_TOKEN=3bcc3d3a03f44e3d8377f9247b0ad155

Once you've configured your authentication parameters, you can run
:command:`murano help` to see a complete listing of available commands.


Release Notes
=============

0.1.0
-----
* Initial release
